[terraform-provider-docs] - clean up and improve local provider usage… (#7347)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

},
```

## Instructing terraform to use a local copy of the provider

> There are three different consumption strategies you can utilize

Reviewer: nit: should we add some spaces between headers and text here (and below)?

Author: Changed header to bullet list. looks slightly better but not sure what I like more. I tried adding the spacing below/above this text. Looked kind of funky

Author: unless you mean adding spacing purely for the reader of the raw readme files

Author: resolving for now. feel free to reopen if you have strong opinion.

Reviewer: Oh, I just meant the raw markdown!

### Using a local version of terraform
1. If you are building Terraform from source with a Google provider built from source, Terraform will automatically use the
local `terraform-provider-google` and `terraform-provider-google-beta` plugins in `$GOPATH/bin`.
### Using a release version of terraform
2. When you run `terraform init` supply the binary output location using the [-plugin-dir](https://www.terraform.io/docs/commands/init.html#plugin-dir-path) parameter. ie `terraform init -plugin-dir=$GOPATH/bin`
    * note: terraform will not download additional providers remotely. All requested providers should be in the -plugin-dir
    * note: each time you rebuild the binary you will have to rerun `terraform init -plugin-dir=<your-binary-location>` as the hash is invalidated.
3. Use the [provider discovery directory](https://www.terraform.io/docs/extend/how-terraform-works.html#discovery) at `~/.terraform.d/plugins`. Terraform will attempt to use the binaries here as a provider before trying to pull the provider remotely.
    * note: you can either copy the provider binary to this location or do a symlink to the build output

>     * note: you will need to delete this binary or syslink to pull the provider remotely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * note: you will need to delete this binary or symlink to pull the provider remotely implicitly (if you specify a `version` constraint, a remote provider will always be used)
```

Author: done

      ```bash
      # helpful bash to system link to binary path.
      # this allows the binary to stay in sync whenever you run make build
      ln -s $GOPATH/bin/terraform-provider-google ~/.terraform.d/plugins/terraform-provider-google
      ln -s $GOPATH/bin/terraform-provider-google-beta ~/.terraform.d/plugins/terraform-provider-google-beta
      ```
### FAQ
* Why isn't it using my local provider?? I did everything right!

>   * If you've already used a release version of a provider in a given directory by running `terraform init`, Terraform will not use the locally built copy; remove the release version from the `./.terraform/` to start using your locally build copy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If you've already used a release version of a provider in a given directory by running `terraform init`, Terraform will not use the locally built copy; remove the release version from the `./.terraform/` to start using your locally built copy.
```

Author: fixed
